My daughter is dead.
When you die, your whole body and blood flow.
My doctor.
He was busy saving White Moon's daughter.
Deputy Hoai An Chu Nhien
I want you to pay your blood debt.
5 days ago
How's he doing?
An An is just emotional intelligence
You're welcome.
Then they live at the foot of the mountain, I'm afraid they're in danger, I have to go back and see what you say?
Grandfather.
I come back, you come back for me.
The army is fine.
He was only slightly injured.
An An was also injured, I have to go back immediately.
Yang, what's wrong with you?
Mom, there's a lot of blood on your arm.
Uncle, you've got to save my mother!
What are you talking about?
Hoai An, I'm fine.
Hoai An
I'm useless.
You don't have to care about us.
Would you like to see An An?
But what are you talking about?
How can I not care about you?
An was only slightly injured.
Sunny can take care of her.
I'll get you to the hospital first.
Waiting for grandpa.
Grandfather will come back to visit you.
Why didn't my grandfather come to save me?
Don't you need me anymore?
Why don't you need me?
An An wants to sleep, An An.
Help me!
Help me! Help me!
Has anyone come to save my child?